I go back and forth with conspiracies I
have a love-hate relationship with
conspiracies I love some of them some of
them are fascinating some of them like
okay what the fuck happened there you
know but and then some of them work I
can't do this anymore
yeah I know when I was younger I used to
think about it but then I think when I
had a kid when yeah I love time for that
no time for nonsense becomes very
precious this becomes food how exactly
not over here worrying about the fucking
Illuminati I don't even know what that
means
what's the Illuminati exactly I'm busy I
gotta go but I get how people get sucked
into that rabbit hole you know yeah
don't know no I could see it I went into
a rabbit hole the other day but with
aliens I watched three alien
documentaries in a row I watched this
one on Bob Lazar who was a guy who
claims that he worked at area 51 it's
very compelling very interesting is at
the table that's the one you would
suggest yes that's the one I would
suggest it's called area 51 user area 51
and flying saucers I think it's called
it's on item 1 write it down it's
fucking good because there's some things
that this guy knew that it's almost
certain that he worked where he said he
worked that he worked at area 51 the
question becomes he told all the truth
about all these things that have since
been proven to be true weird so he gave
he gave first cut at those truths right
yeah was a long time ago - he came out
about this like 30 years ago there was a
Nevada Bob Lazar he would he would he
was worried about his life here's what
happened apparently the guy was working
in this area doing research for whatever
the government wanted him to do at area
51 what he did there who knows he gets
fired from this job and then takes his
friends to this viewing position in the
mountains where they can see them flying
flying saucers he was telling them they
fly them out of this base I'm gonna
bring you guys we're gonna watch it he
videotaped this on an old-school VHS
tape you can see these flying saucers
flying around area 51 and he says these
are not
not being piloted by a by aliens these
are being piloted by human beings but
that these are real devices these things
are real they're it's a real vehicle and
they got this real vehicle from some
other some other civilization from
somewhere in space and they had nine of
them
it sounds like total horseshit when you
hear it but then you watch the video and
so the questions come like well how did
he know that they were gonna be flying
these things up there how do you know
they were gonna do him on Wednesdays how
do you know he could see it how did he
know how did he know about the biometric
data how did he know about element 115
he was talking about this element this
man-made element that it's it's a real
element that they've now identified but
when he was talking about it in 1980 no
one knew what the fuck he was talking
about or 1984 or whatever it was when he
was when he first got interviewed about
this so when this guy is bringing this
stuff up today and people are looking
back at all the different things that he
said that have since been proven to be
true especially the existence of area 51
the the government had to at some point
in time in the 90s they had to say that
they owned the base and say that it did
in fact exist the top-secret area or the
you know like there's a do not enter
zone or they'll pull you over and arrest
you if you get past a certain spot they
wanted to broaden that area so people
couldn't be watching their crafts fly
around like Bob Lazar was and when they
did that when they expanded the
territory that's when they had to
actually admit that the base was real so
he was proven to be correct on so many
different things that he said like
explain how they get him out there
explain what the research was and he
said that they had these things that run
on some they manipulate gravity in some
way and they're very small because these
aliens are very small little creatures
like a child like a 810 year old child
huh it makes you go what the fuck man
yeah so he talked about he said well he
saw them he knew how they operated Wow
the things that he knows that are true
that turned out to be true that how
could he have known them if he didn't
work at area 51 of the most compelling
aspects
and the fact that area 51 was at one
point in time by the government's take
it didn't exist and then it was like a
legend and this was when he was talking
about it and so watching this
documentary and seeing this guy thirty
years later still basically saying
exactly the same thing with a bunch of
things have been have been proven since
yeah yeah that is intense it's a trip
man I mean if the government really did
at one point in time have some craft
that it got from another planet what the
fuck man but the thing is like how would
we take that how do you think people
would take that if they found out how do
you think they'd handle that hmm if they
really knew there was something that was
so sophisticated that it could visit us
from another planet it could be here in
minutes she landed the White House lawn
do whatever the fuck it wanted to you
couldn't even shoot it with bullets how
would people take that I think that
people would just keep going on like
with every other scare I think so
yeah I think okay there's um there could
be a meteor that's supposed to hit us
right right I mean how people take it I
mean that's what they're saying my
sanity would happen I think it would be
a fuck fest in the streets yeah what'd
they say they say it could happen let me
know if you saw one coming yeah but no
I'm saying that if you saw one cuffing
because you don't see the alien coming
if people realize yeah these guys could
show up right I don't know I'm more the
conspiracy that well I remember I do
remember that remember that when they
would be like these booklets of like
Xerox stuff corn and like the one about
aids and stuff like that uh-huh
maybe that one yeah that one had me
going for a while the AIDS conspiracy
that memorandum oh yeah yeah people used
to hand those out right yeah I tell
people that aids was a hoax not a hoax
that it was like all this of memorize
yeah a government conspiracy yeah yeah
that is right way out for a while yeah I
remember I was video I was maybe I was
making copies and passing along
my mic well there was a one doctor at
one point in time that was trying to say
that that HIV does not cause AIDS and we
had him on way back in the day early on
was that guy's name Duesberg dr. Peter
Duesberg yeah yeah that's what it is our
mattress remembered it he is a professor
at the University of California Berkeley
I believe I think he's a biologist mmm
and his take was that HIV does not cause
AIDS that what causes AIDS is a
compromised immune system that HIV is
actually a weak virus and it shows up in
the immune systems of people that are
already compromised that's why you're
finding in these people that it's not
the cause of their immune system being
compromised compromised it's a symptom
of it and that what these people are
really dying from is their their whole
system being fucked up by drugs that
either they're taking AZT which destroys
their body you know it was a cancer
medication like a chemotherapy that was
so powerful is killing people quicker
than the cancer was and then they
switched it over to using it with people
that had AIDS because in in the early
days they would call AIDS the gay cancer
right there was all these different like
they were trying to figure out what it
was and what it did and early on this
guy was saying this and we had him on
the podcast and people got so mad there
they were so mad that giving this guy a
platform to spread his his propaganda
and his lies and I was like wow but he
is a professor right he has done like
legitimate cancer research he's you know
I mean don't you want to listen to him
and I wanted to get someone on to debate
him but nobody wanted to pay him it was
like trying to get someone to debate a
Holocaust denier like nobody wants to
give them the platform and he wants to
talk to them which I understand but
those those kinds of I mean it's very
highly unlikely that all these doctors
are incorrect and are hiding the fact
that a yeah you know and then now the
fact that they've got these HIV
medications so basically they can take
people and make them HIV negative now
right like a couple people have tested
hiv-negative after medications yeah I
don't know I'm too stupid
too stupid to understand what's really
yes that's that's for me that I know
that I'm not like when I watch some of
those things you know they some of them
they'll like lead off with these
statements and we all know and we know
this I'm like I don't I don't know yeah
I don't know yeah there's too much to
know yeah yeah how did we get in the
subject of AIDS
I don't know we're talking about
conspiracy theories oh yeah that was the
one that I was that one that one when I
was out back in what lady nine or
something 88 when those little pamphlets
are going around yeah well marijuana and
conspiracies go together like cookies
milk yeah yeah yeah there's nothing like
we that starts your gears turning and
you start thinking that's why a lot of
people start thinking conspiracies ER
against them too right you get high and
they start thinking of the world's
closing in on yeah everybody's watching
you surveillance but you don't probably
don't feel like that when you get high
no I'm okay
yeah yeah so sometimes I kind of like it
though mm-hmm
you know why I like it cuz it ends and
when it ends you feel great it's almost
like a brutal brain workout like you you
go digging deep into your psyche and
find out all the things you're scared
right ya know it's like it's work yeah
it's worth a little work you're like
taking a look at you so go on you know I
never thought about me from that angle
before yeah I like to do it I better
clean up yeah yeah clean up your shit